NEW FEATURE:

This file goes over the feature of a group leader being able to look at requests to attend their dinner party in the host view, and what actions they can do with them and how this will be logiced in the database.

Alright so in the social tab of the app, we have the host host-screen, which contains all of the logic for when you are a group leader you can post your groups dinner party. what we want to do now is continue on the features and logic of this host screen from the point it is at right now, to now be able to interface with the party_requests table we just made.

More context: When the leader goes into the host screen, and the logic is ran that they have an active party as it is right now, we want to now have logic that is checking if the leaders group has any requests in party_requests, if they dont, we will simply say that they dont have any incoming requests to attend. If they do have incoming requests, we want to use the card modal and loigc that is already in place on the host-screen (over first glance you should see this card modal and dummy data and logic to swipe multiple cards that is already in place, we want to use this now but make it modular for production). If the user is the group leader and the group has incomcing party requests, in host-screen we want to immediantly bring up the requests in the card form, where the user can swipe left to reject the the group, which will not actually delete it from the party_requests table yet (we will get there) , we then want to have it so that if the user (leader, im saying leader again just so you can know that all of this logic CAN ONLY BE SEEN AND USED BY THE LEADER OF THE GROUP)
can swipe right on of the cards, where if it does it will trigger the system alert seqence to prommpt the user if they really want to accept this group as it can only be done once. now if they accept the group, we will then first run a check to see if this group that is being accepted already is going to a dinner party, so we will first do a check that looks at that group's group table already has a value for "attending_host_group_id" (if they do this means they are already attending a dinner party, and we will say this group cannot be accepted as they have already another dinner party) but if they dont we will then add the leader's group's id to the group that just got accepted's table for the value "attending_host_group", we will then add the group's id that the leader just accepted the the leader's group's table for the field "accepted_attendee_group_id", we will then delete all of the entries associated with the leader's group from the party_requests table. that logic will all need to happen in order in order to preserve our good data strucutre and app integrity.

No we are going to talk about the case where the user swipes left through all of the requests they have gotten in the party_requests, if they swipe left through of of all this will close the card modal on the screen, the user can then either choose to hit a button to "replay requests" or "clear requests" now the replay requests button will restart the process of the user going through the requests in the card so if they press this the card modal will come back up and they can swipe back through them. Now if the user hits the button to "clear requests" then we will go into the database and delete all rows in the party_requests table that are associated with the leaders group id. 

Now we want to implement robust checking to make sure that if a user goes to the host screen and they are not a group leader - they are just served the basic content of how the group leader will see requests here etc. we also want to think of edge cases and implement catches for the. we also want to think of possible erros and handle them. 

